[ Background Music ]
>> I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People are basically
need to keep
on to help uncover
what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't giving
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
[ Background Music ]
>> George Noory: And
welcome to Beyond Belief.
You know, we all have
psychic abilities,
but there are some people
who have psychic abilities
that are way broader than ours.
Let me introduce
Victor Paruta to us.
Hey, the world-renowned psychic.
How are you, Victor?
>> Victor Paruta: Good
to see you, George.
>> George Noory:
Good to see you, too.
You know when you do psychic
work, how does that come to you?
>> Victor Paruta:
In a number of ways.
It's actually a multisensory
experience
when I do readings for people.
And you know what?
We all do have psychic abilities
and they all happen
in different ways.
I'll tell you exactly
how I do a reading.
>> George Noory: All right.
>> Victor Paruta: I sit
down with the client
and I close my eyes.
I start getting initial
impressions just
through my mind's eye,
through my inner imagery.
And usually during those first
few moments when I'm tuning
into somebody, I tune into
their essential issues
and I know what's
going on with them.
And then when I open my eyes
and I start looking at them,
I start reading their auras.
And when I look at their auras,
I can see in different parts
of their energy fields
different types of information.
>> George Noory: You remember
the Edgar Casey story of auras.
He was getting on an elevator
in a high-rise building,
and the door opens and he
sees several people in three,
and he always can read auras.
He couldn't see anything.
He panicked he backed out.
The elevator apparently
snapped and those people died.
>> Victor Paruta: Yes.
And he did that because all of
their auras were gray or black.
>> George Noory: Oh.
>> Victor Paruta: So he
knew that they would die.
And obviously, if he had not
followed his intuition --
>> George Noory: He
would've been one of them.
>> Victor Paruta: -- he
would been one of them,
and the world would've
had a great loss.
>> GN: Victor, how'd you get
involved in psychic work?
>> VP: You know, George, growing
up, I grew up in Cleveland,
Ohio, regular middle-class
family,
went through school,
went to church.
None of that stuff
ever seemed to pop.
>> GN: Pop?
>> VP: It wasn't "the thing"
that made sense to me.
I picked up a book
by one of the --
by a clairvoyant at a
used bookstore called
"The Inner Life," and I read
that and my world opened up.
>> GN: Did you train yourself?
>> VP: You know what?
I think it was a destiny
thing with me, George.
When I was 14 or 15 --
and by the way, teenagers,
young teenagers like that
often start becoming psychic
but they don't know
what's happening.
I started having a series
of precognitive dreams.
Those were dreams
that were very vivid,
and then within the
next week or two,
the dream would happen precisely
as I dreamt it in my real life.
This just started
happening spontaneously.
I didn't try for this to happen.
And it just caused me to
start questioning things.
I thought, how in the
world could this happen.
I mean, you know, I
dreamt this two weeks ago.
Two weeks later it's
happening in my real life.
When it started happening,
it was as if I was
in a video of my dream.
And so it sort of -- I
started questioning time.
I started questioning reality.
I started doing a
little more research.
And it just started my quest.
>> GN: Did it scare you at
all that you had this ability?
>> VP: It didn't scare me.
And you know what, George?
At that time I don't think
I would've called myself
a psychic.
I didn't call myself
a psychic until I was
in my late 20s or early 30s.
But I was in a meditation
group led by a psychic,
Alan Ramsey in Cincinnati --
>> GN: Oh, sure.
>> VP: -- and he predicted;
he said, "You know what?
One day, Victor, and it
won't be long from now,
you'll be doing readings
just like me."
And I said, "You know, no way.
No way will I ever
be doing readings."
A year and a half
later there I was --
>> GN: Doing readings.
>> VP: -- I was doing readings.
I started doing professional
readings.
And at that time I was
doing them for free.
But people kept coming back
because the readings were
accurate and my career started.
>> GN: You do the tarot
cards to, don't you?
>> VP: Yeah.
I started with cards, and then,
you know what happens is just
like your dream life,
those images are
coming from somewhere.
Let's say it's coming
from the spirit.
What you need to develop as a
language which forms a bridge
between spirit and yourself.
You know, just like if you
need to speak to somebody
who speaks French, you need
to learn the French language,
there's a psychic language.
The psychic language is a
language of symbols, sensations,
it could be physical
sensations, pictures,
and all the five physical
senses are extended
into invisible realms.
So you don't just see with your
eyes, you see with your mind.
You don't just hear with your
ears, you hear with your mind.
And through a series
of peak experiences,
certain abilities
just blossomed forth.
>> GN: Now, we haven't rehearsed
any of this, but I want you
to utilize me as a client
who wanted to see you
about some kind of
psychic reading.
Let's use me.
Do what you do.
>> VP: Well, my very first
impression of you, George,
is that you've got
a great talent
for being smooth sailing
during very high stress times
and situations.
I think you're very
good at that.
I think you've got an inner
source of peace and balance
that you can tap into, almost
like the eye of the hurricane.
And I think that that serves
you really quite well.
>> GN: Do I know I'm doing this
or does it just come naturally?
>> VP: You probably know
you're doing it, I would say.
I mean, you're a professional.
>> GN: Maybe I trained
myself to do this.
>> VP: Probably.
Well, you trained yourself to
be an excellent interviewer.
People need training in any
career that they would choose.
If you're somebody who
wants to be a psychic
and they have some natural
gifts or natural abilities,
the way to train yourself
is to start paying attention
to your dreams, learn
dream symbology,
learn to decode those dreams,
learn a divination system
like astrology or tarot cards.
A lot of times in America
those things are diminished
by the public opinion,
but they're very profound.
Anyone who's ever studied the
tarot deck actually represents a
soul's journey throughout
their lifetime.
So it's very profound.
And all of the planets in
astrology are archetypal forces
that are active within ourselves
and within our planet
in different ways.
And if you understand what
the planets represent,
the energies they
present, and the houses
and the horoscope are simply
where those energies take
place, where they happened.
This sort of knowledge
expands your mind.
>> GN: What are people
interested
in when they want
psychic readings?
Are they looking for
relationship, jobs?
What do they want to
know about their future?
>> VP: People -- life is hard,
you know, so people need advice
about making choices,
making decisions.
I happen to be pretty good at
relationship dynamics issues.
I do a lot of couples' readings.
Sometimes people come for
past-life information.
They have questions
about the future.
But these days I'd say probably
most of my clients are coming
in for mediumship sessions.
People are coming
in to communicate
with loved ones who've
crossed over.
And that's a gift that I
developed spontaneously.
A friend of mine died, and the
night of his memorial service,
he came to me, and I didn't even
know was him but I was inspired
to call a common
friend of ours --
the three of us were very close.
And I picked up the phone, I
dialed -- I dialed my friend,
he picked up the phone.
I said, "Joe, I do not
know why I'm calling you,"
and all the sudden, Carl
started speaking through me,
the message was loud and clear.
>> GN: So you channeled --
>> VP: It was unmistakable.
Yes. And after the
message was spoken, I said,
"Well, I guess I'm done.
See you tomorrow
at the funeral."
You know, so it was a
very profound experience.
But I call that a
peak experience.
It was something that
happened spontaneously.
It was profound.
I'll never forget it.
But more importantly, it
opened a window in my mind
that has remained
opened ever since.
So ever since that
experience, I've been able
to do mediumship readings.
>> GN: Do you ever get
bothered by the spirit specter?
I mean, do they come at you
because they know you're one
of those communicators that
you can pass on their messages
and things that they're
probably --
>> VP: Once in a while, George.
Once in a while --
>> GN: Too much?
>> VP: -- that does happen
-- no, it's not too much.
Fortunately for me, through
the course of my training
and experience, I've learned how
to turn psychic abilities
on and off at will.
But I get so many
calls from people
who where the psychic
abilities have just flipped on,
the switch stays on, and
they hear dead people,
there are so many that it
becomes very confusing to them.
I got a call from a
university professor;
a student of hers came
up to her after class
and described dead people
that she saw around her.
This student did
not know what to do,
but whenever she started seeing
dead people, she felt compelled
to provide that message.
That student called me, and I
comforted her, and I told her,
"You're a psychic medium.
The gift just happened
spontaneously,
it happened quickly,
it happened suddenly.
It's a gift.
You'll learn how to
control it over time,
but for now just go with it."
Sometimes the information
does come
in in a shockingly sudden way.
You know, sometimes
I'll see something
and I'll shake my head,
and I'll look again
and it won't be there.
But I find out that what
I saw in my mind's eye
so vividly is a future
occurrence.
>> GN: Well, you know, I was
going to say, like the movie the
"Sixth Sense," where the little
boy says, "I see dead people,"
do you, too, see them
or do you feel them?
>> VP: I see them in my mind's
eye, and I've also seen them
with my physical eyes.
And when I do sessions
in front of groups --
I do a lot of group readings
in front of large groups --
>> GN: Sure.
>> VP: -- I do see them pop
out of the audience and they're
with their loved ones and
they have messages for them.
It's actually a beautiful
experience.
>> GN: It really is.
>> VP: And I think it's
a beautiful experience
because you get to see a lot
of love and feel a lot of love
from dead people to the living,
and it's very comforting
for everybody.
It's very comforting for the
dead person because they get
to communicate to their
loved ones and reassure them
that they're okay; and
obviously, it's very comforting
for the living person
because they know
that the dead person
still exists
and is around them indeed.
And it's always different.
You know, one thing
about this line of work,
nothing ever gets boring
because every single client
that comes to me --
>> GN: It's changing
all the time.
>> VP: It's a different
story every single time.
It's a different situation.
Every time I do a paranormal
investigation, for example,
it's a completely
different thing going on in
that particular place.
So it's an adventure.
I love it.
And it's a learning experience.
And I considered being
a professional psychic a
spiritual path.
Now, as a spiritual path, it
teaches you a lot of things
about human beings, about
life, about what it takes
to lead a happy life, what's
important, what isn't important,
and it provides you with
a lot of heart compassion
for what people go through
on a day-to-day basis.
Because you know, we never know.
You know, we might envy
somebody who's famous,
for example, or wealthy.
But you don't know
until you get a glimpse
into the private life what they
go through on a daily basis.
>> A lot of those people
aren't really happy.
>> Sure. And some of them are
struggling with mental illness,
some of them are struggling
with huge financial crises
and people think that
they've got it made,
but they have no idea the
pressure they're under.
So you know, it's interesting.
So you shouldn't judge
a book by its cover.
>> GN: Tell me a little bit
about the dark forces that are
out there in the psychic world.
>> VP: A lot of people don't
like to tackle this topic
but I've seen them, you know,
what we call "demonic entities,"
and I've got a lot of
information about it,
so I'm going to go ahead and
give you what I've seen, okay?
>> GN: All right
>> VP: Not too long ago,
one of my very best friends
had a serious heart attack.
He called me -- he
lives in Santa Fe --
and he told me what happened
to him, and he asked me
to do a psychic read on it.
Here's what I saw: I saw
two beings around him.
One was an angel --
>> GN: After-the-fact, right?
>> VP: This was after his heart
attack and he had survive.
I saw -- he wanted to know what
happened and what would happen.
I saw an angel and -- who was
with him throughout
the whole process,
but I saw another being.
That being looked like what
we think of as a little devil.
>> GN: Oh.
>> VP: But it wasn't the devil.
It was an earth elemental,
you know.
And these are beings
that live in the earth,
they're associated
with minerals.
A lot of times at psychic
conventions when you see people
who sell crystals
and gems and stones,
I'll see these beings
around them.
They look kind of
like gargoyles.
>> GN: Okay.
>> VP: But their job is to
take flesh after it dies
and turn it back into earth;
ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
>> GN: So they're not that evil?
>> VP: They're not evil.
This one isn't evil.
There are evil ones.
But when I saw that, I realized
that that was probably mistaken
by early Christian writers
as a demon or a devil --
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: -- it was
an earth elemental.
I see demons and devils around
people who are struggling
with drug addiction, and I also
see demons around people who are
about to do something
malevolent --
>> GN: Okay.
>> VP: -- hurt somebody.
>> GN: All right.
What a barometer that is, huh?
>> VP: Yes.
And I've seen that, you
know, right before they're
about to hurt somebody,
for example.
>> GN: Or rob someone
or do something stupid.
>> VP: Exactly.
Now, it's the question
of, which came first?
The chicken or the egg.
Did the demon cause this
person to go that way,
or did that person's intention
to do harm call in the demon?
I don't know.
I was also in San
Francisco a few years ago
and visiting a friend
that I met in college
who I hadn't seen
for many years.
And I just happened to be
the out there on business,
and he invited me to --
called him up and he
said, sure, come on over.
Unbeknownst to me,
he and his group
of friends had gotten
into drugs.
Not only had they gotten into
drugs, they were doing rituals
of some sort, and they asked --
>> GN: Satanic?
>> VP: They didn't
think it was satanic.
You know, our minds
can be easily deluded.
So they started doing a
ritual, and what I saw was
out of the earth, these spirals
came up, and they were spirals
of negativity, and they were
pulling these people down.
>> GN: Bad juju as we'd call it.
>> VP: Bad.
The dark forces don't
care about life.
They don't care about you.
And through drugs and things
like that, they just --
>> GN: You open yourself
up, don't you?
>> VP: Yes.
And they want to
take away your life
and move on to the next guy.
>> GN: They want to soul?
>> VP: Right.
You know, there's
nothing good about them.
And I also see demonic forces
around very negative situations.
I think that some other job --
or their purpose in the world is
to weave webs of negativity
which keep people ensnared
or trapped, either
through mental thoughts
of limitation, anger, discord.
And I've been able to
break up those webs
through using crystal grids
and other sorts of clearings.
I happen to be pretty good
at clearing negative energy
out of people and out of places.
And once you break up that
energy, it tends to fall apart
and the web is released
and things are returned
to a more comfortable state.
>> GN: Victor, I'm fascinated
by the evil that is associated
with this kind of energy.
And I'm a believer that you have
the positive and the negative.
It balances out, doesn't it?
>> VP: It sounds like you
believe in it, too, don't you?
>> GN: Absolutely.
No question.
>> VP: The dark forces
are at work in this world.
>> GN: Yes.
>> VP: Yeah.
And so --
>> GN: Sometimes on overtime.
>> VP: Absolutely.
And it's very insidious.
I mean, sometimes you have
no idea, but, you know,
you mustn't give in to it.
I think that what might be
missing in our school system
or educational system
is a certain level
of character training
or character development
that doesn't necessarily --
>> GN: Good point.
>> VP: -- go in -- it doesn't
need to go into a religious sort
of dogmatic sort of angle, but
simply character development,
what you do, how
you treat people,
how you live a good life.
And I think if people
were trained better,
they would be able to
avoid certain pathways
that lead to bad things.
>> GN: When you investigate,
let's say a haunting,
what do you look for?
How do you start?
>> VP: Okay.
>> GN: You walk into the
house, do you feel right away?
>> VP: Sometimes I'll get a call
for a paranormal investigation,
somebody's having
problems in their home.
And they know it's happening
because their lives
are falling apart.
You know, they can't sleep,
there's relationship
difficulties,
all sorts of problems.
>> GN: Negative,
negative, negative.
>> VP: Yes.
And so we schedule an
appointment for me to go out.
Usually days ahead of that,
I start getting impressions
on what's going on there.
And when I do arrive, on my
way there, I pay attention
to impressions that I'm
receiving psychically.
But what I like to do when
I arrive at a location,
is I like to take a
look at the building.
>> GN: Do you show up
in a little dark bag --
[ laughter ]
>> VP: Not quite.
I'm just a regular guy here, not
a priest or anything like that.
But what I like to do is I
like to look at the building.
The building in a haunted
situation seems alive.
Sometimes it seems like
it's looking back at you.
Sometimes haunted places,
when you're on the way there,
the spirits don't
want you to get there,
so they'll get you lost.
Your GPS will stop working.
It will take you
down the wrong path.
>> GN: Sure.
Well, they figure you're going
to get rid of them, right?
They don't what you around.
>> VP: Exactly.
So they try to block it.
But let's say you do get there.
You look at the house.
I walk in, I like to go
into the main entrance.
I start feeling energies.
I feel the energies on my body.
By the way, the body is an
excellent psychic receptor.
Did you know that?
>> GN: It sure is.
>> VP: Yeah, you get
those feelings in the pit
of your stomach, you get chills.
You've got to pay
attention to that.
Everybody's got that.
Being psychic is not unusual
because God made you that way.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: There's the third eye.
There's -- 95 percent
of our decisions are
actually made intuitively
because we don't ever seem
to have all the facts.
So I walk in, I walk
throughout the place.
What I really like to do
in certain places is make a
connection with a good spirit
that there and get
information from them.
And once I establish
that connection,
I can get the true information
about what actually
occurred there.
>> GN: Have you been into a
situation where it was just
so overwhelmingly bad --
and I don't want to dwell on the
dark all during this program --
but can you feel that
almost instantly?
>> VP: Yes.
>> GN: The bad stuff?
Within the past year, I
did do an investigation,
and it was this little family.
It was this a single
mother and her three kids,
living in a house
kind of in the burbs,
and all of them were
experiencing various levels
of paranormal illness.
And that's something that I'm
researching right now and I plan
to write an article or
a book on it here soon.
Paranormal illness:
Missing time,
you're fatigued all the time,
you can't remember anything,
you know something's wrong,
you're just dragging
yourself through each day.
I was talking to the kids.
I went from room to room.
What they were experiencing
there were very malevolent,
nonphysical, nonhuman entities
that came from somewhere else,
but these entities were
draining these people's energy
on a daily and nightly basis.
The youngest of the kids was
even experiencing some symptoms
that might be considered bipolar
or, you know, mentally ill,
you know, personality disorders.
But I saw that, you know, and
in that particular location,
I believe that it was a
mixture of extraterrestrial,
subterranean -- these are beings
that live in the earthy --
and those beings had
infiltrated this house --
and they were renting
the house --
and every night when
these people were asleep,
these beings would come to
them and drain their energy.
And who knows what
else they did.
>> GN: And they'd
wake up exhausted.
>> VP: They would
Their lives, they were in a fog.
In that particular situation,
I decided not to attempt
to do a clearing and
I asked the mother
if they were on a lease or not.
It was like they
were month-to-month.
And the remedy was to
move and to move fast.
>> GN: Far away.
>> VP: And that's
exactly what they did.
They moved, and last I heard,
they were doing much,
much better.
>> GN: Good point there.
>> VP: Yes.
However, I have been
able to clear situations
that at first I thought,
you know,
this is too big to deal with.
But using crystal
grids, using energies,
doing my clearing rituals,
I was able to clear the negative
energies out of the building.
>> GN: The late prophet
Edgar Casey, I think,
died because he would take
in all this energy
in his trance state.
I mean, people would come
to them, they'd be sick,
he'd talk about that, and I
think he absorbed a lot of that.
Does that happen to you
when you go to these events?
I mean, do you leave
physically wiped out, exhausted?
>> VP: The way it happens to
me is -- yes, that does happen.
But the way it happens to me
is, when I'm doing readings
at events, so where I'm
doing a lot of readings,
I get on a psychic high, you
know, and at the end of the day,
I feel like I can do anything.
But within about a half-hour,
my energy starts to step down,
and I realize I'm coming
back down to earth.
One thing I've learned
is not to go shopping
when I'm in that high state.
I can't say no.
I'm too open.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: You know, it's
like, yeah, I'll buy that.
Yeah. [Chuckle] So I
don't do them anymore.
But and then I -- by
the time I step down,
I end up going home
and going to bed.
>> GN: But you have
to protect yourself.
>> VP: Well, working
psychics need
to develop a certain
set of psychic skills.
You need to learn how
to ground energy out.
You need to know how to
cleanse your aura out.
You absolutely have
to take breaks.
You can't be doing
this 40 hours a week.
>> GN: No.
It's too much.
>> VP: You'll get exhausted.
>> GN: It's too much.
>> VP: I do readings
three days a week.
>> GN: That's good pacing.
>> VP: And you've got
to maintain yourself.
You've got to exercise and
eat right and all that.
>> GN: You are constantly
busy doing all of this,
and like you say, you
do it for three days.
But I would guess that that may
be three days of physical work.
But I think your brain
is moving 24/7, isn't it?
>> VP: Oh, sure.
And I get calls all
the time, too.
But I love doing this work
because I love helping people.
>> GN: Give me an example
of a house that you've been
to that had this
kind of negativity
around it and what do you do.
What do you do to these people
to beyond telling them to move?
I mean, if they end up
staying, what do you do?
>> VP: Well, I'll you,
the secret to healing not only
paranormal issues but a lot
of other issues, is to --
if it remains invisible,
if you don't see it, you
can't do anything about it.
But if you can see what's
going on, just the fact
that you see it, it starts
to shift a little bit.
When I do clearings, let's
say I'll see an attachment,
a spirit attachment on
somebody, I basically focus
on that attachment and focus
all my mind power on it
with an intention to clear it,
and I ask for the assistance
of my spiritual allies,
which are angels and guides,
and I've got various other
guides that do the work for me,
and through working or
partnering up with my helpers,
they basically do the work.
I just kind of set it up.
I set it in motion.
But if you can see
it, you can heal it.
So if you can see it --
>> GN: Good motto.
>> VP: That's a great
model, and it works.
>> GN: It is dangerous for some.
Is it dangerous for the person
at the house if they stay
in this kind of environment and
don't tap into someone like you
but they merely just stay there?
Can something happen to them?
>> VP: Well, at the very least,
the quality of their
life is compromised.
There are a lot of people who
do not believe in the work
that I do and the topics
that we talk about here,
and they're going to
be stubborn about it.
But if they were honest
about it, they would know
that something's a little wrong,
they just don't want
to look at it.
If they don't look
at it, you can't --
it can't be shifted,
it can't move.
So, yes, bad things
can happen to people
who are living in
haunted locations.
Certainly, I recently
got a call from somebody.
They moved into a haunted house,
she and her fiance and her kids
from a previous marriage.
>> GN: Did they know
about this moving in?
>> VP: They did not know
that the house was haunted.
But not long after
they were in there,
one night the fiance
just was gone.
He'd moved out.
He couldn't handle it.
>> GN: Wow.
>> VP: And this poor woman is --
>> GN: Left her?
>> VP: Left her.
Gone. -- is left
there with her kids.
The kids are afraid to go
upstairs -- up the stairs --
>> GN: That's where it is.
>> VP: -- because
that's where it is.
They're all sleeping in the
living room, and it's a very --
>> GN: Get out of the house.
Move.
>> VP: It's not a -- it's not
the way anybody wants to live.
>> GN: Do some of these entities
follow you from place to place?
>> VP: People can be
haunted as well as buildings
and as well as objects.
And I have had beings
follow me home.
Now, some of the work of a
psychic medium, you know,
we've got a psychic aura,
and spirits can tell
that we're mediums.
Now, once in a while when I go
out partying with my friends,
a spirit will follow
me home, and usually --
>> GN: Which makes for a more
interesting party [inaudible].
>> VP: Well, I don't know.
But luckily, I'm sensitive, and
so I'll get home and it's like,
hmm, you know, something
is not right.
I'm not feeling right.
I usually will sit down and
go into a state of meditation
and I'll realize,
oh, my goodness,
somebody followed me home.
What they're actually
doing is asking for help.
And so what I do
is send them home.
Because sometimes dead people
get lost after they die,
and they don't know
how to go to heaven.
If they were bad during their
lifetimes, they don't want
to go heaven because --
or they don't want to move
on because they're
afraid they'll go
to hell instead of heaven.
>> GN: Sure.
Which is possible.
>> VP: Yes.
So they remain earthbound.
And those -- I've encountered
those entities at various hotels
that I've stayed at, you
know, where I can't sleep
and I've woken up
during the night
and I've seen them just tapping
into me, draining my energy.
And I've had to change hotels.
And, you know, when they
ask me what's wrong,
I just say, Oh, nothing.
I just need to move.
You know, I don't want
to get into it, you know.
>> GN: And they're puzzled.
>> VP: They're puzzled, but --
and I have had situations
where ghosts have followed
me home from a haunted house.
And I've had all the classic
symptoms of a haunted house.
I've had people walking
on my rooftop.
I've heard people
calling my name.
And in one situation,
this lasted for three
days and then it stopped.
And I was glad it stopped.
>> GN: I thought it was Santa
and his reindeer on the roof.
>> VP: Yeah.
>> GN: Has there
ever been a situation
that was really untenable
for you that you thought,
I'm in a bad situation here.
I can't get out of this one.
>> VP: Fortunately, I've
never encountered anything
that I couldn't handle.
>> GN: Good.
>> VP: However, I do
know people who have.
I know one psychic who
was doing a tour of some
of the castles in Ireland.
He encountered something three
and it affected him
in a bad way.
And after he got
home, he got sick
and ended up dying of cancer.
>> GN: Wow.
You think because
of the negativity --
>> VP: It's possible.
>> GN: -- whatever
the entity was?
>> VP: It's possible.
Now, one of the essential
psychic skills is learning how
to clear your energy, as I said.
I call it "running energy."
Now, energy builds
up in everybody who's
in a stressful situation --
>> GN: Of course.
>> VP: -- and everybody's
stressed out.
>> GN: And dreams too, right?
>> VP: Exactly.
Well, some people, they have
a bad day at the office,
and they come home and
take it out on their wife
and kids or dog, you know.
But if you're conscious
that energy has built up,
what you'll do is you'll stop
at the gym and work it out,
take a walk in the woods, or
if you know how to run energy,
you will ground that energy out
through your energetic system,
through your grounding cord,
and into the earth,
and it's dispelled.
You don't have to pass
it on to somebody else
which creates its own ripple
effect of negative energy.
So I think that essential
psychic skills are good
for all people to learn.
>> GN: Victor, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
I appreciate it.
Beyond Belief, you know, he's
a psychic and he takes on,
I think, some of the burdens
of the planet right on him,
but he's been able to do that.
Victor Paruta on Beyond Belief.
[ Music ]